Add teacher feedback for lesson 7 (#28)
ReDI-School/nrw-html-and-css-2021-spring: teacher/Lesson7Feedback.md

# Teacher Feedback of Lesson 7

## What went well:

- I got good participation from the students using Slido Quizes and Polls that I prepared before the class. This took extra teacher preparation time, but it was worth it.
- I introduced the students to an Online Code Editor (CodeSandBox). When they write code in this tool, they are able to share a URL with me and I can monitor their progress and give feedback to them. Below are some examples of the exercises:
  - [Bashir](https://codesandbox.io/s/bashir-b6u0s?file=/index.html:745-757)
  - [Glory](https://codesandbox.io/s/glory-class7-7m9mt?file=/index.html)
  - [Salma](https://codesandbox.io/s/salma-class7-itkgp?file=/index.html:385-403)
  - [William](https://codesandbox.io/s/william-bx1sl?file=/index.html:982-1099)
  - [Obinna](https://codesandbox.io/s/obinna-class-7-68t5w?file=/index.html)

## What can be improved:

> - Because I took time to explain Checkpoints and CodeSandbox to the students, we did not cover some content scheduled for the class. If we agree to have these things as part of the course, we should introduce them at the beginning.

Author: ```suggestion
- Because I took time to explain Checkpoints and CodeSandbox to the students, I was unable to cover every topic planned for the class. If we agree to have these things as part of the course, we should introduce them at the beginning.
```
